How much time will it fall into the sun?
That is, the rotation has stopped?
Yes.
How much time has it stopped?
How much time?
Is it in school or what?
It was at the Olympics.
In school?
Yes, in school.
You decided.
Yes, you did.
Interesting.
How do you...
She decides...
It's not correct, it's not correct.
Well, you know the rules, right?
Yes.
How do you say the rules?
First law.
Yes, yes.
Well, the first and second.
The third rule is the rules.
The rules of the rules and the period of the
rotation.
The period of the rotation is constant.
And this is the simple formula.
The rules of the rotation are constant.
She helps you solve this problem.
The fact that when it all happened,
the gravity of the work is also working.
The gravity of the work is working, right?
And the focus is already on this trajectory, this is
theoretically, the sun is there.
And you already calculate this.
You already have...
The radius is just around the distance from the sun.
And at the time of the fall, you will have
to calculate it here.
You will have to calculate it.
It's very cool.
And maybe this is an example.
It's a very small age.
10 or 12 years old.
I don't know.
Maybe this is an event of life.
I don't remember the story.
In my opinion, it's a phenomenon, where he...
In my opinion, a small box...
with black...
with black holes.
He put it on a jar.
And he tried to follow the trajectory of the jar.
The next one.
Well, it's like a child's example.
Well, it's also a matter of the same language.
Well, yes.
Well, I...
I have a big saying.
If you have a black hole in the jar, you
can calculate it at the time of fall.
At the time of fall, yes, yes.
What does your wife call you?
She can wake up.
That is, she likes to go to the hospital.
She can wake up at the time of fall.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for looking for her.
It's...
It's just...
Yes,
at the moment.
Robric Top 3.
Your favorite books.
So...
I'll tell you right away.
Kurt Vonnegut, a baby boy.
Why?
And there, just as it's explained, it's like...
It's like...
Philosophy of human relationships.
You didn't have to read it.
I didn't.
I was very upset.
There were many people on the terrace.
Why can you immediately see what kind of nationality or
its nationality is?
And after a minute you will talk to them and
talk to them.
So...
That's the people of one terrace.
What terrace?
The terrace is just divided into two.
Yes, it's a flame.
It's a flame.
You can see the Americans in a minute.
You can work here.
You can talk to them.
You can meet them in five years.
It's very interesting.
Yes, for example.
For example, I...
Well, it's an approach.
It's quite physical.
It's almost like I've always followed it.
I've always tried to meet people with my terrace.
I mean, when we talk about it, there are 300
,000 people.
I think that 90 % of people with my terrace
would be my terrace.
I once again.
I mean...
I mean, 500 people.
That's why you chose all of them.
I feel like...
Yes, that's right.
I don't say that.
Every exam...
No, it was like...
I was with Fodem.
Yes.
I was with Himia.
I was with Chikka.
That's the one in Anagut.
And there...
Another thing is...
When one of these 500 people comes to me, there's
an American person who's sitting on this island, he's sitting
there, and there's a decoration.
And he's...
He's not here with me.
Maybe he's here.
And they're here.
Let's read it.
He's a patron.
They called it.
And he started to learn life.
There's a lot of useful things about him.
He was a political man.
He became a...
a guru of this country.
Then he came up with this religion.
A mechanism of his own.
That's a solution.
Yes, yes.
He came up with this.
A mechanism of his own.
Well, the elements he made, which he made, he made
a lot of things, I don't remember anything.
And he started to act in his own way.
He doesn't act.
He doesn't go bad.
He doesn't act bad.
He doesn't act.
What he does?
He's a categorical person.
A person who's afraid of death and has a lot
of evidence.
And then it's a test, right?
Yes, it's a lot of evidence.
He's a lot of evidence.
And once in a year,
there's an ordinary prison.
He knew that he was a lawyer, because at that
time, I was 100 % a lawyer.
It's cool, for example.
It's like, you know, maybe it's a shame that James
Cook could not go to the court
on his own on the field.
And then he said that this is only an evidence
of the old officers.
Yes, yes.
I'm interested in everything.
Well, yes, yes.
And that's it.
That's it.
Well,
that's a drugstrike.
For example, drugstrike.
Yes.
This is a kind of a study.
Well, not to say about other things.
It's also a kind of a study study, for example.
Like, example.
Well,
imagine that you are going to
go to the hospital, go to the doctor's office, there
are also some other things.
There are some laws there.
And suddenly you lie on the ground and you can
do anything.
What can I do?
It's like this.
Who left you?
Well, you've lost your watch and lost your watch.
It's a dangerous person.
That is, while I'm waiting for the director, he saw
this thing.
Yes, I started to think about it.
By the way, in a situation that many find strange
things, when they start to commercialize something.
How to commercialize those things that I told you about.
That is, my visit is not ready yet.
Yes,
yes, yes.
It is one of the things.
And we sometimes, when we say, commercialization, we should say,
here we are, we are talking about Mercedes, we try
to commercialize.
Well, if there is a way, someone will sell it,
as if everything was just there.
This is the reason, the monetization, as it is said,
this practice is also in this direction.
Well, the master's degree is also one of such things.
Why?
Why do you like it?
Out of such an abstraction and parallel lines that came
there.
And it was very popular, it was closed
in its own time.
And so we read it.
Yes, we read it.
And I had a headache, but maybe,
I didn't even read it, I read it at the
same time.
At the same time?
Yes, not at all.
Well, how do you deal with it?
It is the same.
But it is enough.
Yes, yes.
And we watched the previous commercialization.
I watched it at the same time.
At the same time.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
We offered it, but I don't like all the remakes.
I don't like it.
Yes, yes.
Everything was already there.
The whole thing was there.
Well, well, there is also, of course, but I will
ask you.
Thank you.
Top 3 films, which you like to watch, which you
recommend.
Oh, thank you very much.
I didn't watch it.
I just saw it, and then I didn't watch it.
Kinzaza.
Yes.
Then there was such a song.
There was such a film, such a yellow -haired face.
Yes.
And it was also, I would say, maybe even a
student was there.
It was such a Georgian film.
There was a guy there.
He hung up there, he took him everywhere.
He took him there.
And then,
and the plot, such a plan, such a life of
love, maybe even.
Well, all of it, it is very positive.
And then, suddenly, I will give you a car.
And
yes.
And everything is going well.
And somewhere in the beginning of the movie, he goes
to his friend's house, he talks about it, then the
hat
goes away.
And he takes, takes the hair,
the wall.
And this is the hat hanging.
This is the beginning of the movie.
Then, when all this happens, it shows, it shows, then,
it shows, and in the end, it shows
the hair and the hat hanging.
That's all.
Everything that remains.
Nothing.
Got it?
It was in our time.
Ken Zadza, also, I know a lot of people, who
didn't bring you anything at all, but I have already
brought you something.
What do you like about him?
About his kind of
re -exercising
reality.
Yes.
Two or three more.
I don't know, I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Maybe I remember him, but I remember him.
I remember him.
Three.
You know, let's not say that he liked it.
It's me.
It's not me.
No, no, no.
I don't watch these things,
because they can be the most disappointed.
Although, when I was a little while ago, I was
surprised with this.
He was a consultant, I think, he was a film,
he saw it, he lived there.
I watched it one time, Chen Gishev.
Hello, film.
No,
Chinese films.
And Chinese films, five series.
I watched all 25 series.
What about you?
Well, I was interested in it.
First I read the psychologist, who was a scientist.
I took it from you, there were books, and I
was there.
They didn't go to the head.
I didn't go to the head, if everything was fine.
And the psychologist, I read the psychologist, and then I
started to watch it, and then I found a book
called Autentobachan.
It's not something that I read, it's a secret story
of my head.
But I was interested in it.
And then, when I watched it, I saw that it
was a close movie, because I read it, and it's
just an interesting story.
All these relationships, people, how it happened,
that's why,
a great person, said,
left the story, and there are many very few moments
that will become clear, why people appear, and what they
don't do there.
It's very popular in the last 15 years, in the
US, and in the US, there are many very few
moments that will become clear, there are hundreds,
hundreds of thousands, and so on.
In fact, I read it somewhere,
in fact, all these systems of control are changed,
but in fact, they see the life of a human
practice, and they are optimized for some tasks.
And then, in the same way, they are optimized for
some time tasks, that is,
I believe that the brain of a human
has not changed at all.
Yes, yes, it is the same.
Super.
In principle, that is, the quote, that is, the quote,
you once again said, can you repeat it again?
Yes,
that is, actually, on the other hand, there are three
posts that you would like to hang out in your
own country.
No, no, one of them, you see, and I told
myself,
one thing that I will talk a lot about.
By the way, I liked it.
The best human being is a human without ambitions, without
dreams, yes.
Yes, yes.
That is, they gave me a machine.
I gave it to him.
That is,
one thing that is not good, the one who deserves